Nicole Bacon: Hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: Good afternoon.
Nicole Bacon: Yes, yes it is noon.
Nicole Bacon: Just a little after yeah yeah
Let me get a note open for us.
Gwenevere Abriel: And are you in your apartment.
Nicole Bacon: Now I'm at my parents house in Santa Fe.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how is your mood been the last day.
Nicole Bacon: Good really good
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Did you notice that it started to be something else and it shifted kind of walk me through how you make sure you're taking care of yourself.
Nicole Bacon: Yes. Can I
Nicole Bacon: So I invited like 10 women over for like a full moon gathering, kind of like last minute and nobody. Nobody came, but I felt okay about it because
Nicole Bacon: I
Nicole Bacon: I'm kind of letting go of this feeling of of needing to have outside validation
Nicole Bacon: Okay, yeah. And just knowing that it all comes from within myself have been okay with myself and loving myself and
Nicole Bacon: Then I the whole plan with the Hawaii thing with Barbie.
Nicole Bacon: I got a message back from my parole officer. And he said, yeah, you have to get permission to travel and I don't think it's a good idea. And so
Nicole Bacon: And they had already bought me a flight.
Nicole Bacon: And so I had to kind of burst the bubble there.
Gwenevere Abriel: So tell me more about that experience. So, so who bought you the flight. And what was that conversation like what what came up for you around that.
Nicole Bacon: So, um, it was Barbies.
Nicole Bacon: stepmother.
Nicole Bacon: That is backing the company and she bought it and
Nicole Bacon: I looked in the guidebooks that I got from the parole officer and all that and
Nicole Bacon: There's not much information. All it says is, you have to get permission if you leave the country.
Nicole Bacon: And it was really vague and so i didn't i new to this whole program. So I didn't think it was going to be a big deal, but obviously it is
Nicole Bacon: So I
Nicole Bacon: At first I texted by because I was right in the middle of a couple doing a couple hair clients and I said I wanted to let her know right away. And I'll colors and as possible. And she's like, Oh, well, like it's it's not it's not my fault. We kind of all like got ahead of ourselves and
Nicole Bacon: And I still haven't talked on the phone because she got really depressed. I think she was kind of
Nicole Bacon: Using me getting out there and the whole thing as like part of her grieving process and really holding tight to that.
Gwenevere Abriel: What does she grieving. What's fun about
Nicole Bacon: She lost her baby of two months.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good grief.
Nicole Bacon: From kids from
Nicole Bacon: Austin. So, yeah. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: My goodness that is hard, hard, hard
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, yeah. So, um, but I kind of was relieved, in a way, because I started seeing a couple red flags.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me about what you see
Nicole Bacon: Just kind of not necessarily lies, but making things to seem better than what they were like she mentioned something like oh Nordstrom is is wanting to carry my jewelry line. And when I
Nicole Bacon: Tried to talk to her more about that she kind of like change the subject. And I'm like, huh, okay and then she's sending me Craigslist ads of furniture for when I moved there and I'm like I don't even know if I want to move there like I haven't even visited. I don't even know if we
Nicole Bacon: You know, can be around each other now living situation and we're still learning how to communicate with each other. And also, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really smart sheet pan close attention to the red flags.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah yeah
Nicole Bacon: It feels good to to be aware of those quicker because it used to take like yours.
Nicole Bacon: See the red flags. Right. Yeah. So kind of a sense of relief.
Nicole Bacon: It was feeling like
Nicole Bacon: A LITTLE OVERWHELMING and she had a lot of expectations already and
Gwenevere Abriel: So now that she's withdrawing
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of dipping into this idea of boundaries and allowing other people to work through their emotional experiences, not your responsibility to take care of them.
Gwenevere Abriel: But indeed, we have to learn how to take care of herself looking care about them, we can offer support, but ultimately a Barbie you we all have to ultimately take care of ourselves, in a sense.
Gwenevere Abriel: So where are you at with kind of really being able to read Where Is that depression become yours or you really see it like where is that line for you with what she saw intro
Nicole Bacon: Um, it's really all hers. I don't know the press at all. Okay. Yeah. And the whole experience kind of
Nicole Bacon: Made me
Nicole Bacon: Remember about all the things that I'm excited about doing in my life and all the goals that I have been, you know, I was starting to be like, Oh, like I'm gonna be a part of her story. You know, instead of doing my own thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so this notion will probably because you're intelligent, because you have natural talents in a lot of areas.
Gwenevere Abriel: It can be very distracting because you're good at something doesn't mean that's your destiny right and this and this and this and this. It's like, well, wait a minute. Is that where my passion is. So you're you came up a little bit. Sounds like
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, yes. Okay. Well, cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what has sleep been like, what is eating been like, what has interactions with people been like face to face.
Nicole Bacon: Asleep has been a better. I'm trying to
Nicole Bacon: Except that it takes me a couple hours to wind down and then a couple hours even like three hours to get out of the house. So, to be aware of that and
Nicole Bacon: I'm trying to, you know, be in bed by midnight to two at the latest latest but I want to get that down to midnight and
Nicole Bacon: Interrupt
Nicole Bacon: Food, I got my food stamps today. So I'm going to go shopping and get some healthy simple things. I think I want to just
Nicole Bacon: Do what I used to do is kind of eating the same Mills every day with a little bit of variance, because it would overwhelm me and then I would just wait too long and then eat a bunch of sugary stuff.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, so, and then interactions with people.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, that's just been kind of
Nicole Bacon: Now that I've grown a lot. I've just noticed
Nicole Bacon: Um interactions with certain friends they i i don't know i don't think a couple of my friendships are going to go forward because, for example, I
Nicole Bacon: I reached out to one of my oldest friends since second grade, my friend, Shannon. I hadn't talked to her in a really long time and
Nicole Bacon: I feel like she needs me to stay in this like I am an addict and I'm lower than her and
Nicole Bacon: wants me to do this like self like beating up of myself to talk to her because like I was talking to her, and I'm like owning up to my things am I good I did it all to myself.
Nicole Bacon: And then she kind of reiterate, oh well, have you taken inventory and, like, kind of, you know, it doesn't feel too good. She wants me to stay in this
Nicole Bacon: It kind of bummed me out because you know I'm coming truthful about my addiction, a lot, lot of change with how I treated with my friends, they look at me like,
Nicole Bacon: Oh, you're this addict and your lower than me and trying to put me into this box and well I don't want it. I don't fit into a box.
No.
Nicole Bacon: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, convenient. It's convenient for people
Gwenevere Abriel: To have other people in a predictable label. So just no notice how you're saying that they're seeing in this way, but that's convenient for them.
Gwenevere Abriel: So as you change they continue to want to have you in that same label. Now this next step. First of all, it's amazing that you can see it. Much like these other boundaries, like, oh, wait a minute. There's some rigidity over here with this person, the next step. If you decide to take it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is not to take on that hypnosis right to not say that that's the only truth happening here.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, what would it be like to see that this friend that maybe you saw as a helper a healer or rescue or someone that was really there for you is fixed and stuck.
Gwenevere Abriel: And instead care still about her is different. It means we say, Hmm, I bet that's uncomfortable right imagine that's uncomfortable to see me getting
Gwenevere Abriel: Better
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, I wonder how our friendship will change.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, it's different to say that that's the definitive that will then we cut the whole person off. Well, you don't know. Maybe there's more to it than that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe in your strength, your ability to say things like, what's it going to be like to hang out with me if we're not talking about
Gwenevere Abriel: My vulnerabilities. But instead, talking about all these cool things. I'm excited about, you know, because that's a unique kind of question. Hey friends, you know what, what would it be like if we but not defensive right in a loving spirit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just inquiring into it not seeing her as a threat like how could you see me less than well you don't know. It might be her just trying to have some predictability. Most of us like you're starting this box in this label than that's what you're going to be it's convenient for us.
Nicole Bacon: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: But that doesn't mean that's all I'm capable of. Oh, today, well, wait a minute. Okay. All right. All right. Okay. Okay. I can adjust maybe she's capable of more police, you're not stuck with
Gwenevere Abriel: Have being offended. You know what I mean, like, you still get to be excited and and share and do that new skill which is
Gwenevere Abriel: Not be afraid to connect with people and talk about the new truth and still find out in real time what her limitation is. And it might be that she is limited, but we don't know for sure.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah. Yeah. And I wasn't like angry about it but i i was more like okay I I know she's always taking this role with me of like a grounding role.
Nicole Bacon: Kind of mama bear role with me protective role because she really does care about me. And so I don't think you know we haven't shared enough communication.
Nicole Bacon: For to see if if she can roll with me, you know, farther. Um, but then I also had this other experience with them this other friend that
Nicole Bacon: Okay, basically.
Nicole Bacon: Last minute she's like Oh, I'm coming through Albuquerque. Can you pick me up or go. I'm like, I'm sorry, I can't. This is a way to last minute, I have a hair client.
Nicole Bacon: And then on the way back. She's like, Oh, well, maybe you could pick me up at like, midnight. And I said, I'm sorry, I'm in Santa Fe. And she's like, Oh, okay.
Nicole Bacon: I'm thinking that, and I just left at that because I realized, oh she thinks I'm lying because
Nicole Bacon: This situation happened where she was wanting to whole space for me when I was struggling to to help me get clean
Nicole Bacon: And I kind of wriggled around with that and was making excuses. And I think from that she thinks I'm just consistently lying now. And so before
Nicole Bacon: I would just kind of be like, oh, he, he, whatever passive aggressive whatever and writer back and just kind of ignore it and let her
Nicole Bacon: brushed off my shoulder, but I'm actually going to write her back and be like hey of, um, you know, I feel some passive aggressiveness and I'm not lying to you.
Nicole Bacon: Yes, I was. Was wriggling about and and making excuses for that one situation, but I've been I'm telling you, straight up. No, I had a hair client and no I'm out of town and kind of like
Nicole Bacon: I don't like that energy of, oh, she's mad and making me feel bad because I'm not doing what she wants me to do, like so, Nicole.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you see that very much like what was happening on the prior session when we met your you're still doing this interpretation. Yeah. You see it. She's being half, you know, there's she thinks online, it's still all this analysis out here what you could choose to do is wait a minute.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's that thing going. I said, What do I like
Gwenevere Abriel: How you decide what you like, right, then it's really a different focus of attention.
Gwenevere Abriel: I am making up a story she thinks I'm lying, like what
Gwenevere Abriel: It's all in your head now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me then you're picking up on her tone and she does think your line.
Nicole Bacon: Picking up on the energetic sometimes with the text message. I'll feel something in my stomach. When I read it.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah. And so I'm picking up on that but i'm i'm not kind of inquiring yet, you know, and I'm but i i am kind of taking a step back, of like, Wait, why is this making me feel weird, you know and and taking a moment before I respond because
Nicole Bacon: I want to be treated with respect and I want to treat others with respect and if I'm feeling that in my stomach. That means something she's it's some lower emotion. But you're right. I am super analyzing it, but at least I'm seeing these things that are kind of red flags for
Nicole Bacon: Myself. So that's the
Nicole Bacon: Score. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so I I don't mind going over the same thing, which has to do with. I'm not going to analyze. I'm not going to read into something going to take people at face value. What would life be like if I just assumed people's intentions are pretty decent. She wants a ride.
Gwenevere Abriel: Clearly, she called you twice for it, it's inconvenient. You're not available for her. Those are facts.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, if he just left it flat like that, hey, now watch. Watch what happens. What opens up in the communication, doesn't it, open up to how long are you gonna be in town or what do you have to, what do you do in here. But when you're in that
Gwenevere Abriel: self preservation mode, right, there's no now the friendship might be ending and she's, she's doing this cost of your now I gotta call her out on on her behavior and now it's a confrontation and she can always say, All I did was asked you for right i don't know shocking.
Nicole Bacon: Right, the specific thing.
Nicole Bacon: Was um okay this is it specifically. So this is why I it felt that way. Basically, she's like
Nicole Bacon: Okay, okay. She needs arise back i said i'm i'm in Santa Fe right now and if when you come back to Santa Fe, we can catch up, if you'd like. And he says, oh, OK, dot, dot, dot. And usually, every time I've seen oh ok means like
Nicole Bacon: That specifically not like oh okay like a, oh, you know, I mean, every time I've seen that usually has been. Oh, okay. And I guess just from her personality. I kind of know that she's, she's been like that, but I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know how much work you're doing for words.
Gwenevere Abriel: So much work so much self preservation
Nicole Bacon: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you will only really get this until you run into when you actually challenge that those assumptions.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you actually go back in and you dip your toe back in again and right again. Hey, just falling up again. I'm around between this and this time. Are you free.
Gwenevere Abriel: And when you no longer make a decision on that made up story that you had in your head. Okay, like you're thinking like, okay, what a bitch. Is that what you're thinking. She's thinking
Nicole Bacon: Yeah yeah like I think she's thinking that I'm lying to her.
Nicole Bacon: Oh, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: But that's, that's
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the stuff, giving yourself permission to just focus on what do you want. What do you want, do you want to spend time with her. It's on her to be more clear.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, I don't think they want to. OK. I
Nicole Bacon: Can hear you. Yeah, yeah, work, you're
Gwenevere Abriel: Doing within okay that you have to do all these acrobatics. My guess is you're longing for you like contacts, it's clear and direct and don't don't barrage you with a bunch of contact just
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, you needed in a slower pace and and that might be what you're drawn to for a while that might change it.
Nicole Bacon: Is
Gwenevere Abriel: Fine. But all this interpretation analysis, you've been doing those friendships may go by the way for a little while until they do some growing up and they're more clear or if it's really important one. You may say
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you disappointed are you offended you may end up asking a direct question to check out your assumption, but at this point I hear you registering Hey at least I'm paying attention to this stuff. And that's, that's a great first part.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, yeah. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: So would you put me up higher. So I'm not
Nicole Bacon: Checking out your nostrils. Oh, sorry. Maybe put me someplace, a little bit more down. Okay, more direct. Okay.
Nicole Bacon: Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: Does that bring up anxiousness to have a more direct contact, does that make you feel anxious
Nicole Bacon: I'm just a little bit because I haven't showered and gotten ready for the day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, you don't smell bad.
Nicole Bacon: So we could smell through the phone. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's somebody told me there was some kind of apps that they, I don't see how that's possible thing, how you can have an app with a smell on a phone.
Nicole Bacon: I don't think so.
Nicole Bacon: Stickers.
Nicole Bacon: I don't know, somebody said something I think they were pulling my leg. Yeah, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Aroma say either be pretty cool though Roma therapy. You know, you could do this whole like behavioral health peace and have this particular smell that brought them to their peaceful place.
Nicole Bacon: Coming out of the phone like oil diffuser to be so cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think so. Joe
Sounds
Gwenevere Abriel: Very much to send it has this whole other special place in our brain, it's very
Nicole Bacon: I love, I love essential oils. I actually
Nicole Bacon: Got into detail essential oils right when they came out and I was in this group of women I we would meet every Wednesday and talk about oils and all the healing properties and
Nicole Bacon: I forgot about those for a long time. I have a whole grip of them. And I've been using them. The last couple weeks. And I'm like, Oh my gosh, why don't I use these every day. Forgot about them. They have so much to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: And and that could be a clue. When something feels like there's a intense activation coming out of nowhere, you might have just gotten a whiff of something
Nicole Bacon: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's like, I don't know where this is coming from.
Nicole Bacon: We go. I have like a really cool story. One day about
Nicole Bacon: Yeah. You know those people. They're called noses.
Nicole Bacon: That can smell that can smell a
Nicole Bacon: Perfume and know the percentages and exactly what's in a smell. I have a whole cool story about snow in general. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's some if you're open to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do a little bit of some therapeutic intervention, you can always check in check in and say, you know, let's go. Nice and light. Let's not go too deep. And always, always, always, that is the case, it's you're in charge of where we go. Okay. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you have done some preparation work with me. We have a protective figure nurturing for your wives figure. We've cultivated a container. We've got a distancing metaphor.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to put off. You went to to a place that I think you miss heard an invitation, when we were doing an anchor room. So I'm going to, I'm going to put a pin in that for a little bit, because maybe you thought I was directing you
Gwenevere Abriel: To go to a history of violation and abuse and I was not. And so I want to kind of put a little bit of distance with that for a while and then we will assess together whether our communication is getting really more and more clear.
Gwenevere Abriel: I watched you do that, man. You know, I got nervous. I'm like wonder why she's decided to go there.
Nicole Bacon: It's interesting. I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's pretty typical typically I'm educating along the way. Like, what the purpose of something is. And if you ever want sort of the science behind it. If I know what it is. And I'll certainly explain it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But
Gwenevere Abriel: But 100% activation and the dissociation, or in the wanting to run away, is I'm never going to want that I'm never going to
Gwenevere Abriel: Be inviting that that be the space that we're in. I don't think people can learn when we're in that much distress the
Gwenevere Abriel: Hippocampus it just gets all cut off too much cortisol and then we don't register memory properly. So I don't want it that high, and I don't want it too low. It's not productive.
Nicole Bacon: Right, right, right.
Nicole Bacon: Cool, cool, cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: So maybe let's just do this and you'll get a visual so you can see what I'm looking at. Okay.
Nicole Bacon: Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Right in here. See how this is this is the subjective unit of distress and there's really nothing in there, this blue stuff. It just has some numbers.
Nicole Bacon: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I want to add some some stories in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, and I'm going to put some some negative numbers to meaning below the threshold of relaxation and this is getting this is down into dissociation stuff so we won't be anywhere near here.
Gwenevere Abriel: But, but I'm going to put the numbers just to acknowledge the fact that this for people that have a history of this
Nicole Bacon: This is real.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not everybody has this part, they're just like, I don't know. We're talking about only
Gwenevere Abriel: I only get angry and I don't want about
Gwenevere Abriel: But in case this is a part of your story and then let's have a space for that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what I want to look at is the 50 books right there. It's not relaxation were like, for example, how would you rate. How much distress, you're in now compared to, you know, really tranquil meditative state.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which might be around zero. How might you rain, how you're feeling in a subjective unit of distress right now.
Nicole Bacon: Right go from like zero to 10 or like
Gwenevere Abriel: All the way down to 100 this
Nicole Bacon: Oh, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, these guys in here and zero would be like, you're, you're really in a relaxed body, but you're still able to think you can you know you're not in distress.
Nicole Bacon: I would say like 22
Nicole Bacon: Finger at a 22 yeah
All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And before you logged on with me. What were you at
Nicole Bacon: I'm
Nicole Bacon: 35 because I went to go get cigarettes real quick. I didn't have been
Gwenevere Abriel: So you had to go out, people might see you might interact with people.
Gwenevere Abriel: There was a rush.
Nicole Bacon: Is that the rush. Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so what do you think it would take for you to come down a little bit, maybe a 10, what would you need to do to do that.
Nicole Bacon: Um, I'm eat some food.
Gwenevere Abriel: Cuz you're hungry.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you have in your house. That could be a nice breakfast for you.
Nicole Bacon: Eggs and
Nicole Bacon: Usually the fridge is packed here at my parents house so I can make anything french toast, maybe
Nicole Bacon: Okay, that's my
Nicole Bacon: And some tea.
Gwenevere Abriel: So just being at your parents house. Does it bring up any distress at all.
Nicole Bacon: No, I feel like
Nicole Bacon: cleared a lot of stuff I feel really chill and
Nicole Bacon: Like
Nicole Bacon: The energy of the house says chilled out as well. Even the animals have been more cuddly and lovely. And my mom's demeanor has
Nicole Bacon: Been way more relaxed. The last month, though. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is that, where did that come from. What do you attribute that to
Nicole Bacon: Um, they see that I'm actually i has to do with me. I think actually trying and putting work in and
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, seeing, seeing
Nicole Bacon: Seeing that in me, I think, put some
Nicole Bacon: Stress away.
Nicole Bacon: And it shows in the winter months. It just node last night.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you think that brings out a more tranquil demeanor and in in your okay
Nicole Bacon: Oh yeah, definitely.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's just do a little bit of breath, work together, let's let's do some of that diet dramatic breathing. Let's see if we can just feel a little better.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold on to your stuffed animal maybe paying attention to how it feels.
Gwenevere Abriel: Still the fuzziness
Gwenevere Abriel: pushing us
Gwenevere Abriel: And just move that awareness from the hands to the rest
Gwenevere Abriel: forearms, the elbows.
My biceps.
Shoulders.
Gwenevere Abriel: And just see what happens if you pay attention to your in and out breath just nice and easy.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're not up to any big exercises. Today, we're just lightly paying attention to comfort with looking inward.
Gwenevere Abriel: So tell me what what's happening.
Nicole Bacon: Um,
Nicole Bacon: Let me some mix.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's already
Nicole Bacon: Coming. Yes.
Nicole Bacon: Either myself before coming on here.
Gwenevere Abriel: You want to go grab a piece of bread or something just
Nicole Bacon: Get every day.
Nicole Bacon: Okay, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go for it.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I got some water while you run over there.
Got an empty.
Gwenevere Abriel: How's your comfort level in will just follow your channel stay superficial here. How's your comfort level in being around people in group. How's that, kind of, what are you noticing.
Nicole Bacon: In group. No, yeah, totally fine.
Nicole Bacon: Um, you know, seeing familiar faces so feeling more comfortable. Okay.
Nicole Bacon: I like
Nicole Bacon: I felt comfortable on group. I don't get. I like that.
Nicole Bacon: We actually do something that I'm learning about like the last exercise about the guilt.
Nicole Bacon: shame and
Nicole Bacon: I wrote it all down. And I do want to look back at it and a couple months because really made me think about
Nicole Bacon: I like that we're doing something because when I was in a
Nicole Bacon: intensive outpatient program before here in Santa Fe.
Nicole Bacon: I hated going to group because it was just like, going around the circle and being like, How Was Your Week, and it would just be like, I went to see my mom and my life sucks. And then I my boyfriend to me again and I was
Nicole Bacon: Those know
Nicole Bacon: Of trying to work on stuff, you know, and I got really triggered. I hated going, Yeah, okay. No, I appreciate it. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's some impatience for
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe not seeing how you can be benefiting from the experience from that other program. So when that comes up just pay close attention to it and
Gwenevere Abriel: And just a different skill might be needed during that
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know what it is. I don't know if it's how can I find this person. Interesting. How can I not be bored because boredom.
Gwenevere Abriel: We don't want to be bored. You know, I mean, it's our life, we don't want to be wasting our time. So, how to turn curiosity on how can we get interested. How can this become something of interest, where once a second ago that was
You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: It may come up again. But anyway, I'm glad it's convenient that it's more interesting for you. You don't have to work twice as hard
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, and I think it goes back to the the analytical mind again like like just kind of dissecting what they're saying, or even kind of been feeling triggered to the point of
Nicole Bacon: Wanting to leave my body a little bit. And that's, that's not healthy either so
Gwenevere Abriel: So yeah, there's probably some more going on now and just monotonous storytelling from people. There's something
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, no, it's the and then they talked about drugs and data and
Nicole Bacon: But not in like oh action plan, what we, what can we do, it's just more of like, oh, and then that happened again or my boyfriend got arrested again and just kind of, I don't know.
Nicole Bacon: I guess what works for me a lot is kind of See No Evil speak no evil. Hear No Evil just kind of like, not really.
Nicole Bacon: Just abstinence. In general, unless it's like in a safe space like we're talking about
Nicole Bacon: Here in group, but, um, that's one thing that I had a hard time with like na is like a lot of the worst stories, and then I'd want to go us after it because we're talking about it so much, you know, kind of, yeah.
Yep.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's good to know. Good to know. So you'll have to really work hard. When people do need that space to discharge.
Gwenevere Abriel: Their sort of event that happened. You'll have to really turn on. Okay, that's going to bring up this this negative network. And I'm going to turn our attention to. And there's lots of little tricks that you can use.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just focus on the rhythm of his voice. Isn't that interesting. Oh, it goes up and down. I'll look at, it's kind of kind of stand there, you can turn your attention to something else.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it doesn't have to be. Oh, me too. I have, you know, oh, I have lots of stories just like that and that'll feel good, you know. So anyway, okay, you had a little nibble, let's come over here and see if we can find a
Gwenevere Abriel: A 50 50% of distress. It's not to the point that you can't think straight. In fact, you can still use your executive functioning, so plan.
Gwenevere Abriel: Still use rational thought can remember something you have access to all of your brain all the parts of the brain are still communicating, it's still important. And notice right there's a little bit of that that limbic system that's activated.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you can still concentrate
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's have an event. And we're going to start to populate that chart with some stories in it. What is it about a 51st story that comes to mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: It kind of was uncomfortable or stressful or
Nicole Bacon: I'm
Nicole Bacon: Kind of what comes to mind, I guess, is
Nicole Bacon: When I'm
Nicole Bacon: Having a consultation with the new client.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, tell me.
Yeah.
Nicole Bacon: So there's a little bit of like anxiousness and nervousness like am I gonna get along with my client, am I going to get the same picture in my head of what they want me to do today hair. I'm just meeting a new person in general them in my hands of
Nicole Bacon: You know, feeling like I want to do a good job that kind of comes to mind, I guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you had a is this referencing history when you were starting to take that that gig on at the salon. Is that what's coming up that stuff.
Nicole Bacon: Mm hmm. Okay. Yeah, no, I guess it just in general. Yeah, with any client when I was working at this one.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, and you would like to maybe have a different experience of that.
Nicole Bacon: Um, no, not necessarily. I just I maybe I'm not understanding the
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, you're doing great.
Nicole Bacon: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, it was a beautiful story.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: The other one was just a different question.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's okay. So we'll go back to this this image, you have. So there's meeting a new person. It was a consultation and my picturing what they want. Will I be able to give it to them what they want and then there was also the I will also be touching their body right
Nicole Bacon: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what's in motion that goes with what you just told me
Nicole Bacon: The emotion, um,
Nicole Bacon: You a little bit of anxiousness
Nicole Bacon: I'm excitement. If it's something cool. They want me to do their hair.
Nicole Bacon: Or a little bit of fear a little bit of fear.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, yeah. Okay.
Nicole Bacon: Me. Yeah, sometimes I get real sweaty.
Nicole Bacon: Like under my armpits. When I'm doing color and I'm sometimes you don't know what its gonna look like all the way until it's all the way dry so I get a little like it will be fine. A lot of self talk like it's gonna be great. And usually does turn out great. I just, I get scared.
Gwenevere Abriel: Has it ever been where it has not turned out well.
Nicole Bacon: Oh yeah, a couple times the the bottles of the containers of hair color, have been Miss marked and that was horrible because a light purple versus a dark purple I'm blonde hair that's like a huge difference. And it can ruin somebody's hair.
Nicole Bacon: Okay, so, yeah.
Nicole Bacon: And the chemistry isn't. It's not all the way a plus b equals people's hair can do whatever and
Nicole Bacon: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So hold that image in your mind. And so it's anxious and it's also exciting a little fearful and the body sweats and sort of wondering, Well, it turned out just the way you anticipated in the client anticipated.
Gwenevere Abriel: And see this one's a little harder to get to
Gwenevere Abriel: Just be present with that imagery and that sensation. See if you can identify what belief you have about yourself all that's going on. And you might recognize it through the statement I am
Nicole Bacon: Like
Nicole Bacon: I get the I Am statements. I really like that stuff. But I guess what I'm
Nicole Bacon: Like, I want to be good enough. I want to please. This person that's kind of where I'm going.
Gwenevere Abriel: I see you want to please them that kind of matches with the excitement. Right. They've said what they want, you've matched your skill. Maybe you'll be able to do it right and
Gwenevere Abriel: I want
A some
Gwenevere Abriel: What's what meaning do you take out of yourself that you want to please them.
Nicole Bacon: What mean
Gwenevere Abriel: These are harder to get to know
Nicole Bacon: That McCall
Gwenevere Abriel: There's a belief about the cell
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. What do you believe about you that you want to please people
Nicole Bacon: That I'm not good enough.
Gwenevere Abriel: Check your body. Make sure that that's true.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it activated in any way messaging. Yes, that's, that's it, you found something there that what it's telling him.
Nicole Bacon: I know I look confused because like a lot of perspective changes have been happening for me recently, so like what was true before isn't true for metering
Gwenevere Abriel: There we go. So let's do the positive cognition. So you pull that image up you're excited. A little frayed you have that memory of a little bit of sweatiness will it turn out the way we've always kind of envisioned it
Gwenevere Abriel: To be our visions are the same. What's, what's the positive belief you have about yourself.
Nicole Bacon: Because I believe that I
Nicole Bacon: Will have a good session with the client and they will be happy with the service.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what does that say about you.
Nicole Bacon: Now that I did my job right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you're doing great.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're doing just fine. I told you these are hard.
Nicole Bacon: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I did my job right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the president without I did my job right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: I will have a good session, they will be happy. And that's sort of a thought a projection into the future. The fact that you're the ability to think positively into the future. I will have a good session, they will be happy with my the service that I gave them.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you need to believe about yourself at that moment.
Nicole Bacon: That I know what I'm doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Now from one to seven seven being absolutely true. I know what I'm doing. And one is dude I have
Gwenevere Abriel: How true is that right now for you. I know what I'm doing.
Nicole Bacon: Wait, in relation to the sorry I'm telling you right now in general like
Nicole Bacon: Well, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's okay, even that amount of time that just passed meeting that clarification, it may have shifted so that's
Gwenevere Abriel: This let's lift it and kind of just let let it blow away a little bit
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to just go back to that imagery of your, your meeting for a new consultation. It's a new client.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you want to get it right and am I even hearing it the same way. Hopefully they're envisioning it and it's kind of exciting. It was kind of interesting, maybe it'd be a little challenge to, you know, I have to kind of stretch yourself a little bit
Gwenevere Abriel: But then there's that uncertainty of chemistry that comes in with you know coloring
Gwenevere Abriel: And so how true is it that
Gwenevere Abriel: I know what I'm doing in that imagery right there. How true is that from one to seven seven being the highest. Yes, that's absolutely true. I know what I'm doing.
Nicole Bacon: 50%
Gwenevere Abriel: So I can't, I don't know how to do 50 if it's
127 3.5
Got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Nicole Bacon: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's see where we are. Okay, don't have quite enough time. We've got a good story here though. I like it.
Gwenevere Abriel: We were able to plug one in, put a little story in there.
Nicole Bacon: And I can get a sense of
What
Gwenevere Abriel: What 50% looks like on you and let me check in. Now even bringing this up just anything get activated.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, I'm a little anxious, like, as you can see on my grandma was man.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you care.
Gwenevere Abriel: What you're thinking about it maybe contributes to anxious
Nicole Bacon: No.
Nicole Bacon: I, I get a in the past I've, I've taken my work home have gone to attach put my emotions to too.
Nicole Bacon: Much in the womb of my client.
Nicole Bacon: Sometimes, and that that's scary. So I am a lot inches.
Gwenevere Abriel: So did you say there was a really fragmented sentence.
Nicole Bacon: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You bet you bring somehow the emotional impact of the work home with you.
Nicole Bacon: Yes. Yeah, it really affects me. Oh, and yeah, okay.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's take that one. And that'll be our last piece. So hold that in your awareness for a second.
Gwenevere Abriel: See what your belief about yourself is around that image ready
Nicole Bacon: I'm overwhelmed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so that's an emotion. Emotion overwhelmed. I brought it home with me. See what try the I Am.
Gwenevere Abriel: Felt sense
Gwenevere Abriel: And then maybe you need to go to the body to find out what the aim is with that belief about yourself. You can name it. It's overwhelming emotionally
Nicole Bacon: Am I am scared. I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you believe about yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you bring that stuff home.
Nicole Bacon: Kind of like defeated feel defeated.
Nicole Bacon: Little bit.
Nicole Bacon: Like I can't
Nicole Bacon: Affiliate can
Nicole Bacon: Separate it goes back to boundaries. I think I
Nicole Bacon: Have a hard time separating that
Nicole Bacon: person's perspective of, do I like my hair, not in in relation to do they like me or not as a person.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That makes sense. And so last piece. What would you like to be thinking at the end of the day about yourself.
Nicole Bacon: I did the best I can do. And people
Nicole Bacon: Think Kelly think in love themselves as much as they're going to love themselves and I that's not my deal. I did the best I can do. And I'm proud of that and
Nicole Bacon: I can do.
Gwenevere Abriel: I did my guest and I'm proud of myself.
Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the I heart, I believe, right, I believe I did the best I could do proud of what it is that would be the preferred thought coming home.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. And then maybe that separation might be easier.
Gwenevere Abriel: To leave whatever happened there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then access and energy to other things. Hobbies interests, whatever flow, maybe more readily
Nicole Bacon: Yes, definitely. Definitely make sense.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, well you did some good work here. I've got some decent notes. I feel like it's we're continuing to prepare for what I think will end up being some some em Dr work down the line.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: But I really want to make sure I know where that that threshold is with you, you know, and you can
Gwenevere Abriel: Register to so we can kind of toggle back and forth and be like, yeah, yeah. This is the 50. No, I don't even like 50 even be there. I'm rather hang out at
Nicole Bacon: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what I mean.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah. Yeah, definitely. Cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so I get to see you in short order, and that is Thursday and let's go for you check in at noon, maybe get there at five after but at noon I really, I need to know, hey, is she here, so make sure you've
Nicole Bacon: Checked it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Virtual clinic by noon.
Nicole Bacon: Okay. Sounds good. And yeah, I need a medication. Okay, I'll just
Gwenevere Abriel: Say that, yes, beat me to it.
Nicole Bacon: To your doctor overall
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's just the view, just the sublime.
Gwenevere Abriel: Text. That's all you need house.
Nicole Bacon: Yes. Okay, gotcha. Cool. So I just got it for the one day. And so I needed. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I just hit send, you're good to go. If there's any issue call the
Gwenevere Abriel: Prompting all brave heart health. Okay.
Nicole Bacon: Okay.
Nicole Bacon: Thanks grand see
Nicole Bacon: You good to you.